Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewapplyaction.md

---
title: "accessReviewApplyAction resource type"

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, the `accessReviewApplyAction` represents the action to take on reviewed users after an access review instance is completed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the action to take on reviewed users after an access review instance is completed."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessReviewApplyAction resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **accessReviewApplyAction** is a complex type representing a base class for apply actions in the [accessReviewScheduleSettings](accessreviewschedulesettings.md) of an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). There are two derived types currently supported: `removeAccessApplyAction` and `disableAndDeleteApplyAction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Represents a base class for apply actions in the [accessReviewScheduleSettings](accessreviewschedulesettings.md) of an [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). Supported derived types: removeAccessApplyAction and disableAndDeleteApplyAction.
```

> **removeAccessApplyAction** is a derived type of `accessReviewApplyAction` that indicates removing access of an entity being reviewed upon completion of the review. This is the default type for the `applyActions` property in `accessReviewScheduleSettings` and does not need to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **removeAccessApplyAction** is a derived type of accessReviewApplyAction that indicates removing access of an entity being reviewed upon completion of the review. This is the default type for the applyActions property in accessReviewScheduleSettings and does not need to be specified.
```

> **disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction** is a derived type of `accessReviewApplyAction` that indicates disabling and deleting the user being reviewed upon completion of the review. This is the non-default type and needs to specified in `accessReviewScheduleSettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **disableAndDeleteUserApplyAction** is a derived type of accessReviewApplyAction that indicates disabling and deleting the user being reviewed upon completion of the review. This is the non-default type and needs to specified in accessReviewScheduleSettings.
```

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|

Reviewer: If there aren't any properties, remove the table and say None.
